2/26 - john
Created class twitcurlWrapper to use twitcurl functions and prepare the results so that they can be used by the markov chain generator.
Current functionality of twitcurlWrapper is:
    - search twitter, needs work
    - get tweets by user, basically complete
    - parses results of api calls, returns a string containing all of the tweets combined in to one
    
Not working:
    getTweetByUser() is inconsistent with some usernames, need to check json for errors before parsing
    hashtag search (possible fix in twitcurl pull request https://github.com/swatkat/twitcurl/pull/70)
    search without truncating tweets
    search in general provides poor results due to combination of above

Once the markov chain generator is complete, we can use a twitcurlWrapper object to easily get strings that can be passed into the generator.

Also continued to try to get the code to compile on Mac / other OSs without success

2/27 - john
I think I got a docker container working so that anyone can compile and run the code in it. 
Commands to use it:

./dockerCompile


2/28 - Vince
Did a lot of work to get two markov chain constructors to work. Group met and discussed next steps as well as group member roles. Cam and I are going to be working on Markov Chain, John and Newton on twitter api etc., due to the fact that the twitcurl api is not wanting to cooperate on our macs. So far it seems we have made good progress. Meeting again on the weekend, hopefully will be making tweets soon!

completed  - markovChain(fstream &input)
	   - markovChain(string input)
           - a host of other small things that allow these to work (some operator overloading)
	     string parsing, etc.

2/28 - john
Added function to twitcurlWrapper that will check if a given username is valid.
Added function to twitbotDriver to get usernames from user input, and combine those users' tweets into one string to be used in markov chain.

3/1
As Vince completed the initial chain generation of the markov chain, we moved his files into the main twitbot directory so we can begin integrating it into the main program.
Next main step is generating sentences from the word frequency chain.

3/2
-Added small base function to post the tweets, once we begin to integrate will be able to change it to tweet the variable tweets generated from the markov chain.
-Also added base code to allow user to select which type of tweet generation they are wanting to use, i.e. generating tweets based on specific user(s) tweets or based on specific topics.
-Looked at possible fuctionality expansions some new ideas: having the app tell you the top trending tag on twitter either daily, weekly, etc.



3/3 
-Met to discuss next steps and check progress. Currently we have all of the pieces and need to connect/refine/debug. We also decided we will be making a simple webpage to allow an easy UI to access the bot. 
This week a lot of progress was made. We now can create and use (sort of) the markov chain, using input from the twitter API. We can also post tweets to the @330twitbot twitter account.

